{"description":"<p class=MsoNormal><b>Intern Engineer</b></p>

<p class=MsoNormal>At Continental Sibiu we invest in your future by giving you
the opportunity to work with cutting edge technology in an innovative
environment with excellent future career prospects. Due to the diversity of our
work Continental Sibiu is an unrivalled company to work for. This is the place
where you get to choose your own path and become the best version of yourself.</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Check out your daily tasks:</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>algorithm development using Ansi C;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>algorithm requirement engineering;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>design and documentation of the concept;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>testing in dedicated simulation environments.</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>&nbsp;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><b>Qualifications</b></p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Besides being awesome, you need to be/have:</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Student in engineering field: Electronics, Computers,
Informatics, Electromechanics, Mechatronics or others relevant to the field of
employment;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Good English communication skills;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Microsoft Office package knowledge is an advantage</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>&nbsp;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><b>What we offer</b></p>

<p class=MsoNormal>We will do our best so you can be your best!</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Your environment is important to us â€“ so we make sure your
team is beyond cool.</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Based on the values that define us, here are the extras we
have:</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>&nbsp;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Pay for Performance;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Flexible Working Time;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Personalized Development &amp; Training Programs;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>System for Rewarding Improvement Ideas;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Health Management Programs &amp; Medical Room on Site;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Restaurant Concept &amp; Coffee Corner on Site;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Other benefits to enjoy after-work and community projects.</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>&nbsp;</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><b>Continental in Romania</b></p>

<p class=MsoNormal>In the time frame 1999 - 2018, Continental invested about
1.4 billion E in its Romanian operations. All the corporation's five divisions
are represented in Romania. Continental has seven production units and four
research and development centers in the cities of Timisoara, Sibiu, Carei,
Nadab, Brasov and Iasi. Continental cooperates in a joint venture in Slatina
and has a tire distribution center in Bucharest. Continental employed 19.700
colleagues by the end of 2017, out of which over 5.700 are engineers and IT
specialist working in the R&amp;D centers. Continental will hire this year over
1,000 new employees in Romania.</p>

<p class=MsoNormal><b>Continental in Sibiu</b></p>

<p class=MsoNormal>Continental has invested more than 320 million euros in
Sibiu since 2004. Here are annually produced about 33 million electronic
control units. Among the products developed, tested and manufactured in Sibiu
are intelligent braking systems, driver assistance systems or acceleration
pedals that limit the speed in case of obstacle detection. Continental Sibiu
has more than 3,800 employees, of which 1,000 are engineers in the R &amp; D
center and over 300 are engineers in the production area. Together, they
combine knowledge in software and hardware development, experience in design
and simulation, innovation in artificial intelligence, big data and production
processes.</p>

<p class=MsoNormal>The Interior division specializes in information management.
It develops and produces network, information and communication solutions and
services for cars and commercial vehicles. This enables and optimizes the
control of the complex flow of information between the driver, passengers and
the vehicle as well as mobile devices, other vehicles and the outside world.
The focus is on systems integration. In addition, the Interior division is
involved in cross-sector collaborations with leading companies.</p>","picture":"https://raw.githubusercontent.com/digifofomilabsb/brokerage/master/img/continental.png","email":"cristian.mihutoiu@continental-corporation.com","createdat":"1589533713651","updatedat":"1589533713651","datetype":"Internship","type":"JobTile","name":"Paid Internship Engineering - Start your journey with us!_Sibiu"}
